Dev Weekly Update January 22 2025 (#3971)
dfinity/portal: blog/news-and-updates/2025-01-22-update.mdx

---
title: Developer weekly update January 22, 2025
description: This week, we have a new release of Motoko, a forum discussion regarding some changes to dfx, and an NNS proposal that adds 17 new API boundary nodes to the network.
tags: [Devs]
image: /img/blog/dev-update-blog-jan-22.jpg
---

# Developer weekly update January 22, 2025

![January 22, 2025](../../static/img/blog/dev-update-blog-jan-22.jpg)

Hello developers, and welcome to this week's developer weekly update! This week, we have a new release of Motoko, a forum discussion regarding some changes to `dfx`, and an NNS proposal that adds 17 new API boundary nodes to the network. Let's get started!

## Motoko v0.13.6

A new version of Motoko has been released! This release includes an important breaking change regarding orthogonal persistence:

> - The Wasm persistence modes used internally for canister upgrades now use lower case names `keep` and `replace` rather than `Keep` and `Replace`. If you are using actor classes with orthogonal persistence, you will need to recompile your code and upgrade it to use the latest `moc` and `dfx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Wasm persistence modes used internally for canister upgrades now use lowercase names `keep` and `replace` rather than `Keep` and `Replace`. If you are using actor classes with orthogonal persistence, you will need to recompile your code and upgrade it to use the latest `moc` and `dfx`.
```
